- Magical Sempai
- Sempai's Discomfort
- "Sempai's Discomfort."
- Principal's Office
- Remind me again why I'm going\Nwith you to the faculty room
- to hand in the club application\Nyou stole from me.
- It's just... all those \Nteachers make me nervous.
- Faculty Room
- Excuse us.
- There. That's my homeroom teacher.
- What's the matter?
- Assistant-kun... Sempai has a tummyache.
- Could you just go in without me?
- Stop talking nonsense already.
- My entire body is in pain!
- What are you talking about?
- If it isn't my little sis!
- No!
- She's your sister, Sempai?!
- I sure am!
- No! I do not know this person!
- You're precious, Little Sis.
- Stop calling me that!
- I'm getting the cold shoulder, huh?
- Take care, Assistant-kun!
- She acts like she knows what she's doing,\Nbut she's secretly a total goofball!
- She sounds a lot like you.
- Wow, magic, huh?
- Not like it's any of your business.
- That's right. You were always\Nplaying around in your room
- with all kinds of rods and balls.
- How did you know that?!
- I want to leave.
- I know.
- As long as you're here, why don't\Nyou show me one of your tricks?
- I'd love to see!
- Well, if you insist.
- She went for it?
- So, using these cards, I will proceed to...
- Are you sure that's right?
- What do you mean?
- You should strike your usual dramatic pose!
- You're embarrassing me! Cut it out!
- I guess she does actually get embarrassed.
- Pick a card and sign your name on it.
- Wow, a real magic trick!
- Now return it to the deck\Nwithout letting me see it.
- Okay!
- Now I'm going to pick\Nyour card out of this deck!
- Go!
- Huh? Only one of them is facing the front...
- Actually, two or three are, but not bad.
- What do you think?
- This marked card here must be your—
- Boobies
- Hey, why would you draw that?\N You're so sleazy!
- She's messing with her.
- I just had the best idea!
- Let me be your club advisor!
- Not a chance!
- What's the big deal? It'll be fun!
- No, no, no! No way!
- Keep it down in the office!
- Someone's in trouble!
- It's because you're so noisy, Little Sis!
- It's you!
- Faculty Room
- Get it together as a teacher already!
- Well, I'll take your application.
- See you later, Little Sis!
- I told you not to call me that!
- Pop Quiz Sempai
- "Pop Quiz Sempai."
- It's time to hold a pop quiz.
- It's been a month since you first\Nknocked on the door of the magic club.
- I'm going to see how your\Npractice has been paying off.
- With that as my pretense...
- Oh, jeez!
- Make the lead-in simpler!
- I can see what you're doing!
- ...I'll rag on everything he does\Nand maintain my sense of superiority!
- Trash
- Is springing this test on me about trying\Nto maintain her sense of superiority?
- Now, let's begin...
- She's making this awkward.
- Let's see, where to start...
- Time for me to seize\Nthe initiative. I'll start with...
- a suggestive comment\Nto throw him off his game!
- Assistant-kun, I can see what you're doing.
- Sure, I can't do the trick otherwise.
- Well, you can still spring back from it.
- Take this seriously, okay?
- I'm starting now.
- First, let's all say hello to Behemoth-kun.
- Sadly lacking.
- What is?
- Well, it's hard to explain.
- There's just something kind\Nof off about your stance.
- What could it be? If I start listing\Noff things that I have and you lack,
- we could be here all day!
- Visuals, perhaps?
- What are you trying to do to me?!
- Wow, he's really serious.
- Well? Well? Can you do this, Sempai?
- If you want to rag on me,\Nat least watch me do it first!
- Argh!
- You ingrate! After all I've taught you!
- You've taught me nothing!
- I'll do the next one, so watch closely.
- I'm going to rag on her for everything.
- Wh-What to do?
- I should probably tell her, right?
- Okay, time to get started.
- I need to say something to\N make her realize it's unzipped!
- Um, Sempai?
- What?
- I can see everything.
- Assistant, dear, you mustn't lie like that!
- I haven't done anything,\Nso there's nothing to see!
- You want a punch in the mouth?
- Today, I'll be performing a card trick!
- Pick a card, any card!
- Damn! I'm so focused on her\Nflower print, I can't focus!
- Now return the card to the deck.
- I'll lightly mark the card\Nhe gave me with my thumbnail!
- Now I just have to find the marked card!
- Just like I practiced!
- I see it!
- Before I guess your card, let me ask you...
- What was the print you saw?
- It was... It was...
- The flower print, of course!
- There's no print like that in cards!
- That assistant of mine is so random.
- There's no flower print in cards.
- There's no...
- Well, that explains that!
- Conquering Sempai
- "Conquering Sempai."
- I wanna fix my stage fright!
- Why don't you ditch the magic stuff\Nand make this a gaming club instead?
- Silly Assistant-kun.
- No one would believe that's a real club.
- She's really getting on my nerves.
- Wow, sounds like there are lots\Nof ways to conquer stage fright.
- Give me one!
- "Drink water. Drinking water will calm you."
- Okay!
- That's too much.
- My tummy's all rumbly.
- You are so stupid.
- What next?
- Let's see... "Steady your breathing."
- "Regulating your breathing\Nwill steady your nerves."
- I think the baby's coming.
- Hold it in, please.
- What next?!
- This might be good.
- Let's have a look!
- Autogenic training?
- It's apparently a method where you\Ninternally repeat phrases read out to you.
- Don't get\N tense
- It induces a hypnotic state\Nthat allows you to relax.
- I relaxed and\N succeeded!!
- I don't know if I get it, but let's try!
- Okay, I'll read the phrase,\Nso repeat it to yourself.
- Okay!
- "My body feels heavy."
- Okay.
- "My body feels warm."
- "My heart is beating quietly."
- "My breathing is easy."
- "My stomach is warm."
- "My forehead is cool."
- Well? Do you feel calmer?
- Wake up.
- "Next, do something to distract yourself."
- Distract myself, eh?
- Oh! Maybe you could tickle my sides\Nwhile I'm performing my tricks?
- You need a cure for mental illness,\N not stage fright.
- It's worth a try! Let's do it!
- Okay!
- Go on, hurry!
- If you insist...
- Jeez...
- So narrow...
- Assistant-kun?
- Um, I just...
- I'm serious, here! \NWould you tickle me already?
- Um, s-sorry?
- She didn't notice?
- My goodness.
- What a hopeless assistant! He can't\Neven perform a task as simple as that!
- Enough!
- I'm sorry! Forgive me!
- I'm done. I can't stand up.
- I'm just happy to be of service.
- Ugh.
- Kimono Sempai
- "Kimono Sempai."
- Ta-dah! I'm doing wazuma today!
- A kimono?!
- And what's wazuma?
- Wazuma is traditional Japanese slight-of-hand\Npassed down through generations.
- In other words, Japanese magic!
- Today I'll do the butterfly dance, \Ncausing paper butterflies to take to the air.
- Butterfly Dance
- Then paper udon, where burning\N paper produces white strings,
- which I then turn into real udon soup!
- Paper Udon
- Then water tricks, where water\Nspouts out of unexpected places!
- Water Tricks
- Wazuma
- These are the three\Nclassics I'll be performing!
- First, the butterfly dance!
- Take that!
- One more time!
- They aren't flying.\NYou're just swatting at them.
- I think you're supposed to flap\Na little more gently, like this.
- W-Well, something like that!
- He learned it so quickly!\NI must be a god-tier teacher.
- Achoo!
- They all fell.
- But they did more dancing\Nthan before, at least.
- Now, the paper udon!
- Let's set it on fire first!
- Isn't that a little dangerous?
- It's lit!
- Listen to me.
- It's hot!
- And... that's the water trick!
- The hell it is!
- Sempai Off Campus
- "Sempai Off Campus."
- Yay!
- Let's spread some magic off campus!
- Magic off campus?
- I thought we were out here because\Nsomeone set the club room on fire.
- Such a lovely day, isn't it?
- Indeed.
- But how are we supposed to do magic\Nwhen you didn't bring your tools?
- I have everything I need right here!
- Oh, God no!
- I can do this!
- No, you can't!
- And isn't taking animals\Nout of the park a crime?
- It'll be fine!
- We won't leave the park,\Nand I'll return them once I'm done!
- That's how a criminal would think!
- They attacked her.
- I'll just have to use this\Numbrella I found, then!
- You'll do tricks with an umbrella\Ninstead of a pigeon?
- I'll climb up to their nest\Nand steal their friggin' eggs!
- That's not a trick at all!
- I've been the best tree-climber\Nin my class since elementary school!
- Another useless fact about Sempai.
- And they just attacked her again.
- I think you made the pigeons mad.
- You should probably come down.
- I can't get down.
- You're kidding me!
- Help me!
- Hey, Assistant-kun, wait!
- I don't want them to think\NI'm in league with an egg thief.
- Celebrating Sempai\NScouting Sempai\NPigeon, Pigeon, and Sempai\NSempai Finishes the Job\NMagic Club Sempai
- Join us next week for more Magical Sempai!